[PM-19659] Add Push READMEs (#6259)
bitwarden/server: src/Core/Platform/PushRegistration/README.md

# Push Registration

## About

Push Registration is a feature for managing devices that should receive push notifications. The main
entrypoint for this feature is `IPushRegistrationService`. 

## Usage

This feature is largely used internally to Platform owned endpoints or in concert with another team.

If your feature changes the status of any of the following pieces of data please contact Platform
so that we can keep push registration working correctly.

- The creation/deletion of a new `Device`.
- The addition of removal of an organization a `User` is a part of.

## Implementation

### Azure Notification Hub

Used when the application is hosted by Bitwarden in the cloud. This registers the device and

> associated metadata with Azure Notification Hub. This is necessary so that when a notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated metadata with Azure Notification Hub (ANH). This is necessary so that when a notification
```

is sent ANH will be able to get the notification to that device.

> Since Azure Notification Hubs has a limit on the amount of devices per hub we have begun to shard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Azure Notification Hub has a limit on the amount of devices per hub we have begun to shard
```

devices across multiple hubs. Multiple hubs can be configured through configuration and each one can
have a `RegistrationStartDate` and `RegistrationEndDate`. If the start date is `null` no devices
will be registered against that given hub. A `null` end date is treated as no known expiry. The

> creation of a device is pulled out of the devices ID and that date is used to find a hub that spans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creation date for a device is retrieved by the device's ID, and that date is used to find a hub that spans
```

during it's creation date.

> When we register a device with Azure Notificaiton Hub we include tags, which are data that can later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we register a device with Azure Notification Hub we include tags, which are data that can later
```

be used to specifically target that device with a notification. We send the ID of the user this

> device belongs to, the type of the client (Web, Desktop, Mobile, etc), all the organization id's of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
device belongs to, the type of the client (Web, Desktop, Mobile, etc), all the organization IDs of
```

> organizations the user is a confirmed member of, the ID of the self-hosted installation if this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organizations of which the user is a confirmed member, the ID of the self-hosted installation if this
```

> device was relayed to us, and the device identifier which is a random guid generated on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
device was relayed to us, and the device identifier, which is a random GUID generated on the device.
```

> Most of this data is considered immutable after the creation of a device except for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of this data is considered immutable after the creation of a device, except for the
```

> organization memberships of a user. If a user is added/removed from an organization it's important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization memberships of a user. If a user is added/removed from an organization, it is important
```

This is necessary so that when a notification is sent ANH will be able to get the notification to
that device.

Since Azure Notification Hub has a limit on the amount of devices per hub we have begun to shard
devices across multiple hubs. Multiple hubs can be setup through configuration and each one can
have a `RegistrationStartDate` and `RegistrationEndDate`. If the start date is `null` no devices
will be registered against that given hub. A `null` end date is treated as no known expiry. The
creation date for a device is retrieved by the device's ID, and that date is used to find a hub that
was actively accepting registrations on that device's creation date. When a new notification hub
pool entry is a `RegistrationEndDate` should be added for the previous pool entry. The end date
added to the previous entry should be equal to the start date of the new entry. Both of these dates
should be in the future relative to the release date of the release they are going to be added as a
part of. This way the release can happen and any current in flight devices will continue to be
registered with the previous entry and once the release has completed and had a little time to

> settle we can start registering devices on the new notification hub. An overlap of one entries end

Reviewer 2: Seems similar to @trmartin4's [comment](https://github.com/bitwarden/server/pull/6259/files#r2404556058), and is something I am also unclear about.

If there can be overlap of two hubs, how is a single hub selected from the two that overlap when a device is registered during the overlap period?
